
# xlfGetName

 **Last modified:** March 09, 2015

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Returns the definition of a name as it appears in the  **Refers to** column of the **Name Manager** dialog box, which is displayed when you click **Name Manager** in the **Defined Names** section on the **Formulas** tab. If the definition contains references, they are given as R1C1-style references. Use **xlfGetName** to check the value defined by a name. To get the name that corresponds to a definition, use [xlfGetDef](68f5edbd-9040-46d3-acd5-dd51ca82f6fa.md).


```
Excel12(xlfGetName, LPXLOPER12 pxRes, 2, LPXLOPER12 pxNameText, LPXLOPER12 pxInfoType);
```


## Parameters

pxNameText ( **xltypeStr**)

Can be a name defined on the sheet; an external reference to a name defined on the active workbook, for example,  `"!Sales"`; or an external reference to a name defined on a particular open workbook, for example,  `"[Book1]SHEET1!Sales"`. pxNameText can also be a hidden name.

pxInfoType ( **xltypeBool**)

Specifies the type of information to return about the name. If  **FALSE** or omitted, the definition is returned. If **TRUE**, returns  **TRUE** if the name is defined for just the sheet, **FALSE** if the name is defined for the entire workbook.


## Property Value/Return Value

pxRes ( **xltypeStr**,  **xltypeBool**, or  **xltypeErr**)

Depending on the value passed for pxInfoType, returns the definition of the specified name ( **xltypeStr**), or  **TRUE** or **FALSE** ( **xltypeBool**).


## Remarks

If the  **Protect worksheet and contents of locked cells** check box has been selected in the **Protect Sheet** dialog box to protect the workbook containing the name, **xlfGetName** returns the `#N/A` error value. To see the **Protect Sheet** dialog box, click **Protect Sheet** in the **Changes** section of the **Review** tab.

The following table lists three examples of the values returned by a call to  **xlfGetDef** with the specifiedpxNameText argument.



|**Definition in Excel**|**pxNameText**|**Value Returned**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|The name Sales on a sheet is defined as the number 523.|"Sales"|"=523"|
|The name Profit on the active sheet is defined as the formula =Sales-Costs.|"!Profit"|"=Sales-Costs"|
|The name Database on the active sheet is defined as the range A1:F500.|"!Database"|"=R1C1:R500C6"|

## See also


#### Reference


 [xlfGetDef](68f5edbd-9040-46d3-acd5-dd51ca82f6fa.md)
#### Concepts


 [Essential and Useful C API XLM Functions](dc80cb3d-0d7e-4cb9-9870-3acc84eeca82.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/65780435-aaa2-47af-b44f-07be7aa769ee.md) using GitHub.

