
# xlfGetDef

 **Last modified:** March 09, 2015

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Returns the name, as text, that is defined for a particular area, value, or formula in a workbook. In Excel, this value is displayed in the  **Name** column of the **Name Manager** dialog box, which is displayed when you click **Name Manager** in the **Defined Names** section on the **Formulas** tab. Use **xlfGetDef** to get the name that corresponds to a definition. To get the definition of a name, use [xlfGetName](65780435-aaa2-47af-b44f-07be7aa769ee.md).


```
Excel12(xlfGetDef, LPXLOPER12 pxRes, 3, LPXLOPER12 pxDefText, LPXLOPER12 pxDocumentText, LPXLOPER12 pxTypeNum);
```


## Parameters

pxDefText ( **xltypeStr**)

Can be anything you can define a name to refer to, including a reference, a value, an object, or a formula.

References must be given in R1C1 style, such as  `"R3C5"`. If pxDefText is a value or formula, it is not necessary to include the equal sign that is displayed in the **Refers To** column in the **Name Manager** dialog box. If there is more than one name forpxDefText,  **xlfGetDef** returns the first name. If no name matchespxDefText,  **xlfGetDef** returns the `#NAME?` error value.

pxDocumentText ( **xltypeStr**)

Specifies the sheet that pxDefText is on. IfpxDocumentText is omitted, it is assumed to be the active sheet.

pxTypeNum ( **xltypeNum**)

A number from 1 to 3 specifying which types of names are returned.



|**pxTypeNum**|**Returns**|
|:-----|:-----|
|1 or omitted|Normal names only.|
|2|Hidden names only.|
|3|All names.|

## Property Value/Return Value

pxRes ( **xltypeStr** or **xltypeErr**)

Returns the name associated with the specified definition.


## Remarks

The following table lists four examples of the values returned by a call to  **xlfGetDef** with the specified arguments.



|**Name defined in Excel**|**pxDefText**|**pxDocumentText**|**pxTypeNum**|**Value Returned**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|The specified range in Sheet4 is named Sales.|"R2C2:R9C6"|"Sheet4"|<omitted>|"Sales"|
|The value 100 in Sheet4 is defined as Constant.|"100"|"Sheet4"|<omitted>|"Constant"|
|The specified formula in Sheet4 is named SumTotal.|"SUM(R1C1:R10C1)"|"Sheet4"|<omitted>|"SumTotal"|
|3 is defined as the hidden name Counter on the active sheet.|"3"|<omitted>|2|"Counter"|

## See also


#### Reference


 [xlfGetName](65780435-aaa2-47af-b44f-07be7aa769ee.md)
#### Concepts


 [Essential and Useful C API XLM Functions](dc80cb3d-0d7e-4cb9-9870-3acc84eeca82.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/68f5edbd-9040-46d3-acd5-dd51ca82f6fa.md) using GitHub.

