
# SlicerCache.ShowAllItems Property (Excel)

Returns or sets whether slicers connected to the specified slicer cache display items that have been deleted from in the corresponding PivotCache. Read/write


## Version Information

Version Added: Excel 2010 


## Syntax

 _expression_. **ShowAllItems**

 _expression_A variable that represents a  ** [SlicerCache](6e6533e3-0503-a1d3-9ecd-f7997233565f.md)** object.


### Return Value

 **Boolean**


## Remarks

When the  **ShowAllItems** property is set to **True** (the default), items that have been deleted from the source data are displayed in the slicers connected to the specified slicer cache. The **ShowAllItems** property corresponds to the setting of the **Show items deleted from the data source** check box in the **Slicer Settings** dialog box.

The  **ShowAllItems** property applies only to slicers that are based on workbook ranges or lists ( **SlicerCache**. **SourceType** = **xlDatabase**), or to slicers that are based on relational data sources ( **SlicerCache**. **SourceType** = **xlExternal** and **SlicerCache**. ** [OLAP](621ca936-5b60-98be-45a2-ea15ef5297ba.md)** = **False**). Attempting to set the  **ShowAllItems** property for slicers that are connected to PivotTables based on external OLAP data sources ( **SlicerCache**. **OLAP** = **True**) generates a run-time error.


## See also


#### Concepts


 [SlicerCache Object](6e6533e3-0503-a1d3-9ecd-f7997233565f.md)
#### Other resources


 [SlicerCache Object Members](59572fc4-0dd9-096a-61b9-7775f90ac7be.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/72622510-b644-db1b-2905-4eaba53b0ecb.md) using GitHub.

