
# xlAutoOpen

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Callback function that must be implemented and exported by every valid XLL. The  **xlAutoOpen** function is the recommended place from where to register XLL functions and commands, initialize data structures, customize the user interface, and so on.


```C#

int WINAPI xlAutoOpen(void);
```


## Parameters

This function takes no arguments.


## Property Value/Return Value

Your implementation of this function must return 1 ( **int**).


## Remarks

Microsoft Excel calls  **xlAutoOpen** whenever the XLL is activated. The XLL is activated in the following situations:


- At the start of an Excel session if it was active in the last Excel session that ended normally.
    
- If loaded during an Excel session.
    
- An XLL can be loaded in several ways:
    
- By choosing  **Open** on the **File** menu (where the version of Excel supports this method of loading XLLs).
    
- Using the Add-In Manager.
    
- From another XLL that calls  [xlfRegister](c730124c-1886-4a0f-8f06-79763025537d.md) with the name of this DLL as the only argument.
    
- From an XLM macro sheet that calls  [REGISTER](c730124c-1886-4a0f-8f06-79763025537d.md) with the name of this DLL as the only argument.
    
- If the add-in is deactivated and reactivated during an Excel session, this function is called on reactivation.
    

### Example

See the files  `SAMPLES\EXAMPLE\EXAMPLE.C` and `SAMPLES\GENERIC\GENERIC.C`, and for example implementations of this function.


## See also


#### Reference


 [xlAutoClose](147e46cd-d4d7-49eb-acdc-5a2ebc2fb6c2.md)
 [xlAutoRegister/xlAutoRegister12](aa4673cf-8e97-4678-b8d4-6a74426334f9.md)
#### Concepts


 [Add-in Manager and XLL Interface Functions](e22d425a-75b2-412c-a07f-fb1915d08615.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/748cecb6-61d0-496b-a1a4-a73d22eb29e2.md) using GitHub.

