
# TempActiveRef/TempActiveRef12

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Framework library function that creates a temporary  **XLOPER**/ **XLOPER12** containing an external reference to rectangular block of cells on the active sheet.


```C#

LPXLOPER TempActiveRef(WORD rwFirst, WORD rwLast, BYTE colFirst, BYTE colLast);
LPXLOPER12 TempActiveRef12(ROW rwFirst, ROW rwLast, COL colFirst, COL colLast);
```


## Parameters

rwFirst

The starting row of the reference.

rwLast

The ending row of the reference.

Row arguments are zero-based so that row 1 is passed as 0. In Microsoft Office Excel 2003 and earlier versions, and starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook in compatibility mode, the maximum value is 65,535 = 2^16 - 1 and is the maximum value that can be taken by a WORD integer. Starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook, the maximum value is1,048,575 = 2^20 - 1. RW is defined as a 32-bit signed integer in XLCALL.H.

colFirst

The starting column number of the reference.

colLast

The ending column number of the reference.

Column arguments are zero-based so that column A is passed as 0. In Excel 2003 and earlier versions, and starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook in compatibility mode, the maximum value is 255 = 2^8 - 1 and is the maximum value that can be taken by a BYTE integer. Starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook, the maximum value is16,383 = 2^14 - 1. COL is defined as a 32-bit signed integer in XLCALL.H.


## Return value

Returns an  **xltypeRef** external reference to rectangular block of cells passed in.


## Example

This example uses the  **TempActiveRef12** function to select cells A105:C110.

 `\SAMPLES\EXAMPLE\EXAMPLE.C`




```C#
short WINAPI TempActiveRefExample(void)
{
    Excel12f(xlcSelect, 0, 1, TempActiveRef12(104, 109, 0, 2));
    return 1;
}
```


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Functions in the Framework Library](7d9a13fd-9a4c-423e-bb08-4a5be57c7905.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/7c69d15a-294b-4545-983b-720409001e0e.md) using GitHub.

