
# TempActiveCell/TempActiveCell12

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Framework library functions that create a temporary  **XLOPER**/ **XLOPER12** containing an external reference to a cell on the active sheet.


```C#

LPXLOPER TempActiveCell(WORD row, BYTE col);
LPXLOPER12 TempActiveCell12(RW row, COL co);
```


## Parameters

row

The row to be referenced. Row arguments are zero-based so that row 1 is passed as 0. In Microsoft Office Excel 2003 and earlier versions, and starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook in compatibility mode, the maximum value is 65,535 = 2^16 - 1 and is the maximum value that can be taken by a WORD integer. Starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook, the maximum value is1,048,575 = 2^20 - 1. RW is defined as a 32-bit signed integer in XLCALL.H.

col

The column to be referenced. This is zero-based so that column A is passed as 0. In Excel 2003 and earlier versions, and starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook in compatibility mode, the maximum value is 255 = 2^8 - 1 and is the maximum value that can be taken by a BYTE integer. Starting in Excel 2007 running a workbook, the maximum value is16,383 = 2^14 - 1. COL is defined as a 32-bit signed integer in XLCALL.H.


## Return value

Returns an  **xltypeRef** external reference to the cell passed in.


## Example

The following example uses  **TempActiveCell12** to display the contents of B94 on the active sheet.

 `\SAMPLES\EXAMPLE\EXAMPLE.C`




```C#
short WINAPI TempActiveCellExample(void)
{
   Excel12f(xlcAlert, 0, 1, TempActiveCell12(93,1));
   return 1;
}
```


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Functions in the Framework Library](7d9a13fd-9a4c-423e-bb08-4a5be57c7905.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/ac5a200d-32d5-4313-9a6d-d730032aaf10.md) using GitHub.

