
# TempStr

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Deprecated Framework library function that creates a temporary  **XLOPER** containing an **xltypeStr** byte string. It takes a null-terminated source string as input. It tries to overwrite the first character of the supplied string with the subsequent string's length. This is not always a safe thing to do: Microsoft Excel might crash if passed a read-only string.


```C#

LPXLOPER TempStr(LPSTR str);
```


## Parameters

str

A pointer to the null-terminated source string.  **TempStr** truncates strings that are longer than 255 bytes.


## Return value

Returns an  **xltypeStr** string containing a pointer to the passed-in string buffer.


## Remarks

This way of creating temporary strings is now deprecated in favor of the way in which both  [TempStrConst and TempStr12](faf4ee4e-8d33-4cb3-ae16-5648a837ee4f.md) work. These functions allocate a new memory buffer and copy the passed-in string into it. The input strings for **TempStrConst** and **TempStr12** are not altered and so are declared as **const**. In contrast, the input string to  **TempStr** is altered and so cannot be declared as **const**. The first character of the input string is treated as space for a length character and is overwritten by this function.


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Functions in the Framework Library](7d9a13fd-9a4c-423e-bb08-4a5be57c7905.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/b21b4868-babe-4255-9093-503172efa045.md) using GitHub.

