
# xlfEvaluate

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Uses the Microsoft Excel parser and function evaluator to evaluate any expression that could be entered in a worksheet cell.


```C#

Excel12(xlfEvaluate, LPXLOPER12 pxRes, 1, LPXLOPER12 pxFormulaText);
```


## Parameters

pxFormulaText (xltypeStr)

The string to be evaluated. A leading equal sign (=) is optional. The string can be any text that can legally be entered into a worksheet or macro sheet cell.


## Property Value/Return Value

Returns the result of evaluating the string which can be any of the types  **xltypeNum**,  **xltypeStr**,  **xltypeBool**,  **xltypeErr**,  **xltypeNil**,  **xltypeMulti**.


## Remarks

The string can contain only functions, not command equivalents. It is equivalent to pressing  **F9** from the formula bar. If **xlfEvaluate** is called from an XLL worksheet function that has been registered as thread safe, the expression must only contain thread-safe functions.

The primary use of the  **xlfEvaluate** function is to allow DLLs to find out the value assigned to a defined name that is either on a sheet or a hidden name defined within the DLL. Note that within a DLL/XLL, a worksheet name must be prefixed with at least an exclamation mark (!) to ensure that it is interpreted as external to the DLL. For more information, see [Evaluating Names and Other Worksheet Formula Expressions](2b23c75e-2a95-4f26-8714-2a73f5e326a7.md).

 **xlfEvaluate** cannot be used to evaluate references to an external sheet that is not open.


## Example

This example uses  **xlfEvaluate** to coerce the text "!B38" to the contents of cell B38.

 `\SAMPLES\EXAMPLE\EXAMPLE.C`. This function calls a command macro ( **xlcAlert**) and will work correctly only when called from a macro sheet or as a macro command.




```C#
short WINAPI EvaluateExample(void)
{
    XLOPER12 xFormulaText, xRes, xRes2, xInt;

    xFormulaText.xltype = xltypeStr;
    xFormulaText.val.str = L"\004!B38";
    Excel12(xlfEvaluate, &amp;xRes, 1, (LPXLOPER12)&amp;xFormulaText);

    xInt.xltype = xltypeInt;
    xInt.val.w = 2;
    Excel12(xlcAlert, &amp;xRes2, 2, (LPXLOPER12)&amp;xRes, (LPXLOPER12)&amp;xInt);
    Excel12(xlFree, 0, 1, (LPXLOPER12)&amp;xRes);
    Excel12(xlFree, 0, 1, (LPXLOPER12)&amp;xRes2);

    return 1;
}
```


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Essential and Useful C API XLM Functions](dc80cb3d-0d7e-4cb9-9870-3acc84eeca82.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/deea3ee6-2a32-47ef-bfa4-914891538633.md) using GitHub.

