
# Excel4v/Excel12v

 **Last modified:** April 20, 2012

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Calls an internal Microsoft Excel worksheet function, macro sheet function or command, or XLL-only special function or command, from within a DLL, XLL, or code resource.

All recent versions of Excel support  **Excel4v**. Starting in Excel 2007,  **Excel12v** is supported.
These functions can be called only when Excel has passed control to the DLL or XLL. They can also be called when Excel has passed control indirectly via a call to Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). They cannot be called at any other time. For example, they cannot be called during calls to the  [DllMain](base.dllmain) function or other times when the operating system has called the DLL, or from a thread created by the DLL.
The  [Excel4 and Excel12](2404f10d-8641-4ee6-a909-1c5a26610f80.md) functions accept their arguments as a variable length list on the stack, whereas the **Excel4v** and **Excel12v** functions accept their arguments as an array. In all other respects, **Excel4** behaves the same as **Excel4v**, and  **Excel12** behaves the same as **Excel12v**.

```C#

int _cdecl Excel4v(int iFunction, LPXLOPER pxRes, int iCount, LPXLOPER rgx[]);
int _cdecl Excel12v(int iFunction, LPXLOPER12 pxRes, int iCount, LPXLOPER12 rgx[]);
```


## Parameters

iFunction ( **int**)

A number that indicates the command, function, or special function you want to call. For a list of valid iFunction values, see the following Remarks section.

pxRes ( **LPXLOPER** or **LPXLOPER12**)

A pointer to an  **XLOPER** (in the case of **Excel4v**) or an  **XLOPER12** (in the case of **Excel12v**) that will hold the result of the evaluated function.

iCount ( **int**)

The number of subsequent arguments that will be passed to the function. In versions of Excel up to 2003 this can be any number from 0 through 30. Starting in Excel 2007, this can be any number from 0 through 255.

rgx ( **LPXLOPER []** or **LPXLOPER12 []**)

An array that contains the arguments to the function. All arguments in the array must be pointers to  **XLOPER** or **XLOPER12** values.


## Return Value

These functions return the same values as  **Excel4** and **Excel12**.


## Remarks

These functions are useful where the number of arguments passed to the operator is variable. For example,  **Excel4v** and **Excel12v** are useful when you register functions by using [xlfRegister](c730124c-1886-4a0f-8f06-79763025537d.md) where the number of total arguments depends on the number of arguments taken by the function being registered. **Excel4v** and **Excel12v** are also useful when you write a wrapper function for **Excel4** or **Excel12**. In these cases, you need to convert a variable argument list, as would normally be supplied to  **Excel4** or **Excel12**, to a single array argument of variable size to call back into Excel by using  **Excel4v** or **Excel12v**.


### Example

For code examples, see the code for the  **Excel** and **Excel12f** functions in the Excel 2010 XLL SDK, at the following location where you installed the SDK:

Samples\Framewrk\Framewrk.c


## See also


#### Reference


 [Excel4/Excel12](2404f10d-8641-4ee6-a909-1c5a26610f80.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/e3e96b98-c5a7-4625-95b6-a1e2d09c6d3d.md) using GitHub.

