
# Displaying Dialog Boxes from Within a DLL or XLL

 **Last modified:** July 01, 2011

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

To display a Win32 dialog box using, for example, the Windows SDK function  **DialogBox**, you must first obtain the full 32-bit instance and main window handles for Excel. For more information, see  [How to: Access Excel Instance and Main Window Handles](21e1dbdc-06fa-4514-9437-c4cffc3b4621.md). 

Assuming your project contains the dialog box resource, you must take several steps to set the message-handling routine to that of the newly displayed dialog box and to restore the Excel message handling routine when the dialog box is closed. The example command  [fShowDialog](6cc01075-7221-488e-870f-433da62930e6.md) in the Generic project demonstrates the use of the Windows functions to do this correctly.
You can also display dialog boxes using the C API without having to use Windows SDK functions. However, the dialog box capabilities of the C API are very limited compared with those of Windows, Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), or the Microsoft Foundation Classes (MFC). (For example, C API dialog boxes are always modal).

## See also


#### Concepts


 [Creating XLLs](7754998f-4e13-4a37-9724-43b6ee6c919b.md)
 [Developing DLLs](5d69d06d-a126-4c47-82ad-17112674c8a3.md)
 [How to: Access Excel Instance and Main Window Handles](21e1dbdc-06fa-4514-9437-c4cffc3b4621.md)
 [C API Functions That Can Be Called Only from a DLL or XLL](87c9e75b-c364-4428-a169-010886313b85.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/e77ac555-331d-41c8-a000-7b178959754d.md) using GitHub.

