
# xlfSetName

 **Last modified:** April 20, 2012

 _**Applies to:** Excel 2013 | Office 2013 | Visual Studio_

Used to create and delete defined names associated with the DLL.


```C#
Excel12(xlfSetName, LPXLOPER12 pxRes, 2, LPXLOPER12 pxNameText, LPXLOPER12 pxNameDefinition);
```


## Parameters

pxNameText ( **xltypeStr**)

The name of the range, which should conform to the usual limitations in Microsoft Excel on valid names.

pxNameDefinition ( **xltypeStr**,  **xltypeNum**,  **xltypeBool**,  **xltypeErr**,  **xltypeMulti**,  **xltypeSRef**,  **xltypeRef**, or  **xltypeInt**)

(Optional). The value, set of values, cell, or range of cells that pxNameText is defined as. If omitted, the name is deleted.


## Property Value/Return Value

pxRes ( **xltypeBool** or **xltypeErr**)

TRUE if the operation succeeded or FALSE if the name could not be created or deleted. Returns #VALUE! if one or more of the arguments was invalid.


## Remarks

When a function or command is registered using  **xlfRegister** with a validpxFunctionText argument, Excel creates a name associated with the DLL resource. When your DLL is being unloaded, such names should be deleted using the [xlfSetName function](ea7fd713-7c1b-4648-a609-3334f595c61a.md). However, due to a known issue in Excel, this deletion operation fails. For more information, see  [Known Issues in Excel XLL Development](3dfecc0b-a91c-448e-8721-5d3486b625fa.md).


### Example

See the code for the  **xlAutoClose** function in `\SAMPLES\GENERIC\GENERIC.C`.


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Essential and Useful C API XLM Functions](dc80cb3d-0d7e-4cb9-9870-3acc84eeca82.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/ea7fd713-7c1b-4648-a609-3334f595c61a.md) using GitHub.

