
# Application.AfterCalculate Event (Excel)

The  **AfterCalculate** event occurs when all pending refresh activity (both synchronous and asynchronous) and all of the resultant calculation activities have been completed.


## Version Information

Version Added: Excel 2007 


## Syntax

 _expression_. **AfterCalculate**

 _expression_A variable that represents an  **Application** object.


## Remarks

This event occurs whenever calculation is completed and there are no outstanding queries. It is mandatory for both conditions to be met before the event occurs. The event can be raised even when there is no sheet data in the workbook, such as whenever calculation finishes for the entire workbook and there are no queries running.

Add-in developers use the  **AfterCalculate** event to know when all the data in the workbook has been fully updated by any queries and/or calculations that may have been in progress.

This event occurs after all  **Worksheet**. **Calculate**,  **Chart**. **Calculate**,  **AfterRefresh**, and  **SheetChange** events. It is the last event to occur after all refresh processing and all calc processing have completed, and it occurs after **Application**. **CalculationState** is set to **xlDone**.


## See also


#### Concepts


 [Application Object](19b73597-5cf9-4f56-8227-b5211f657f6f.md)
#### Other resources


 [Application Object Members](4cb9ca42-8d07-cc9c-2d80-4eb9a5921e1e.md)
****   **Contribute to this article**Want to edit or suggest changes to this content? You can edit and submit changes to  [this article](https://github.com/jhershey00/VBA_Excel_Test/OpenXMLCon/articles/ed76a36f-1b52-4464-da44-e64c81fb8d38.md) using GitHub.

